# Weekly eFISHiency Chat #

üêüüì°üìà

9/23/2021
12:00 PM EDT
[Google Hangout Link](meet.google.com/pqv-rhba-kuo)

## Agenda ## 

- Attendance: Andy, Ben, Anna, Ashley, Debie, Katie, Alex, George, Brant, Others?
- Discussion of the Friday meeting.
  - Questions about OpenScapes or about the paper?
- Discuss the GitHub intro
  - [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PzGAbEpNhT6CDPe1DCHf5-eVAjy-2R2D3VMHz7dY774/edit#slide=id.p)
  - [Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16CZSVNZ4LvPiwkOthNRLIvh3NCnFlxsSv-6A3Kxl3kA/edit#)
- Direction of the eFISHiency group
  - Black sea bass repo idea? (AM)
  -  Folder in repo for different TORs: 
  -   TOR 1 ) Ecosystem and Climate
  -   TOR 2) Fishery Data
  -       Standardized CPUE (VTR, Observer, Study Fleet)
  -       Stakeholder perspectives - quesiotn
  - Paper idea? (AJ)  
  -  Paper on using fishery dependent data - all different sources
  - Other group projects?
- Other business
